[Applause]
now in Southern California the state of
California for recreational use and I've
been smelling a lot of recreation
happening here in our neighborhood every
day and with that said it's time to play
a game called have you detected any high
people out there tonight yes I do smell
some cannabis down this way very good
yeah all right well here's how we play
the game so I'll bring in three
pedestrians one of them is high the
other two are not our job is to figure
out whether they smoke pot or not okay
let's bring in the first group okay all
right well let's see now hi what's your
name Daniel yeah I saw it on your tag
Daniel where are you from I'm from
Melvin you're from Melbourne okay can we
get a little closer into Daniels eyes so
I could just have a look at it yeah
beautiful blue eyes Daniel Thank You
Jimmy
not much I don't see any red in there
really Daniel what'd you have for lunch
today uh how do panini a panini
how many of them uh one okay I don't
think it's Daniel let's move on to the
center hello Adrian
how you doing Jim good do people
do people still say yo Adrian tours that
pass now has passed as fast yeah hi last
month
yeah what do you do for a living Adrian
I'm a truck driver okay all right
do you get tested out there's trouble no
I do not
you did not okay all right all right I
guess before I decide it's you we should
talk to Sharon for a second hi Jimmy
hi Sharon how are you real good
[Applause]
Sharon are you from st. Louis I noticed
you're just I am you are you here on
vacation on vacation yeah have you been
at one of our medical marijuana shop
since you've been here I have not
you have not all right well then I know
it's not you all right all right I'm
gonna say it's Adrienne it's got to be
Adrienne Adrienne are you high nodes my
hmm well Sharon are you high
oh no no I am NOT wait a minute Daniel
you're the one yes
[Laughter]
cries out cries you can't see it but
he's been chewing on his tongue for the
last three minutes oh yeah
thin mints for everybody go Scout
cookies everybody there you go
[Applause]
he's gonna be easy oh my god
Oh waiter you guys twins or do you know
each other
nah well I mean you you jeez I feel like
I'm high now Wow when you saw each other
you're like let's hang out all the time
every day no Bobby where you from I'm
from Philadelphia okay congratulations
thank you yeah were you happy were you
watching the Super Bowl uh yeah I was
watching it yeah yeah she seemed pretty
fired up what do you do for work Bobby
I'm an artist what kind of art do you do
I make like paintings and artwork at
home where else would you make them
anyway I want all right okay let's keep
going Sal I've talked to Bobby now Aaron
what do you do for work Aaron I'm a
rapper who are you from Florida you're
from Florida home feel like it's
important for a rapper to enjoy the
ganja from time to time uh yeah I think
so I mean it helps me I like it okay
half we not him all right
and finally Erika hello Erika where are
you from I'm from Mount Vernon
Washington were you on The Price is
Right today I am not at liberty to say
oh you
oh wow so who you a contestant
potentially on The Price is Right I was
in the building
oh you're in the building you saw Drew
Carey did you touch Drew Carey today I
tried to but security grabbed me they
did okay all right
all right Erica now I I right off the
bat I would say there's no way it's
Erica but I know everybody tries to
trick me and that it's probably Erica
and I got these two guys here Oh Erica
what do you do for work
I'm a finance manager okay well your
eyes look clear okay let's take one last
pass and take a look I'm Erin I mean
it's it's gotta be it's gotta be Erin I
mean no offense to Bobbi youhave we are
new pretty medicated Aaron are you are
you high I might be
yeah I'm medicated you are okay
Bobby don't need those Aaron doesn't not
a snack alright thank you very much
wow what are you getting mad in huh we
got to get that in primetime you know
congratulations on making it to the end
of the YouTube video why not celebrate
by clicking the subscribe button you
earned it